1|Shrek, an ogre, embarks on a journey with a donkey to rescue Princess Fiona from a vile lord and regain his swamp.
2|"Among us: The Purple Imposter" is a horror/thriller which focuses on the journey of red and orange going against purple unknowly.
3|A special team of arcade gamers is put together to fight a mysterious alien race that watches classic games of the '80s and presumes them to be a declaration of war.
4|Ben and his friends team up with a daughter of an alleged traitor, despite his grandfather's orders against it, in order to stop an alien force from taking over the world.
5|Minions Kevin, Stuart and Bob decide to find a new master. They embark on a global trip and meet Scarlett Overkill, a female super-villain who recruits them and hatches a plan to take over the world.
6|Manny the mammoth, Sid the loquacious sloth, and Diego the sabre-toothed tiger go on a comical quest to return a human baby back to his father, across a world on the brink of an ice age.
7|When a group of forest animals discover a housing development encroaching on their forest land, they meet RJ, a crafty racoon, who fools them into finding food for him from the suburbia.
8|When the tallest girl in high school falls for a handsome foreign exchange student, she becomes embroiled in a surprising love triangle and realizes she's far more than her insecurities about her height have led her to believe.
9|Lincoln Loud heads to Scotland on holiday with his parents and all 10 sisters, and they learn they're descendants of royalty.
10|Accountant Calvin Joyner's life changes drastically after Bob Stone, his classmate in high school, drags him into a dubious covert operation.
11|When a bank teller discovers he's actually a background player in an open-world video game, he decides to become the hero of his own story -- one that he can rewrite himself. In a world where there's no limits, he's determined to save the day his way before it's too late, and maybe find a little romance with the coder who conceived him.
12|When Shrek realises that no one fears him, Rumpel offers him a shady deal. Thereafter, Shrek gets cast in an alternate reality where everybody is afraid of him but Fiona does not remember him.
13|Clutch Powers, along with his teammates, ventures out on a mission assigned to him by his boss to solve the chaos that occurred at the Space Police prison planet.
14|An architect discovers a universal remote that permits him to fast-forward and rewind to certain portions of his life. Complexities emerge when the remote begins to override his preferences.
15|Primatologist Davis Okoye teams up with a geneticist, Dr Kate Caldwell, and tries to save George, an albino gorilla, and prevent two giant mutated animals from wreaking havoc in Chicago.
16|Jake, who is paraplegic, replaces his twin on the Na'vi inhabited Pandora for a corporate mission. After the natives accept him as one of their own, he must decide where his loyalties lie.
17|The revival of Emperor Palpatine resurrects the battle between the Resistance and the First Order while the Jedi's legendary conflict with the Sith Lord comes to a head.
18|K, an officer with the Los Angeles Police Department, unearths a secret that could create chaos. He goes in search of a former blade runner who has been missing for over three decades.
19|Paul, the head guard of a prison, meets an inmate, John, an African American who is accused of murdering two girls. His life changes drastically when he discovers that John has a special gift.
20|The Lego Movie is an American media franchise based on Lego construction toys. It began with the 2014 film The Lego Movie, which was directed and written by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller.
21|An influencer who specializes in makeovers bets that she can transform an unpopular classmate into a prom king.
22|Greg Heffley, an 11-year-old, is about to begin middle school and wishes to become popular among the students. However, his attempts to gain fame land him in hilariously sticky situations.
23|Palaeontologist Dr Rick Marshall, along with his assistant and a bumpkin, accidentally gets transported back in time to a world of danger, intelligent dinosaurs and lizard people.
24|Unhappy with his capitalistic lifestyle, a white-collared insomniac forms an underground fight club with Tyler, a careless soap salesman. Soon, their venture spirals down into something sinister.
25|Two sex scenes included. 
26|Ralph is tired of playing the role of a bad guy and embarks on a journey to become a video game hero. But Ralph accidentally lets loose a deadly enemy that threatens the entire arcade.
27|Pi Patel finds a way to survive in a lifeboat that is adrift in the middle of nowhere. His fight against the odds is heightened by the company of a hyena and a male Bengal tiger.
28|Two soldiers, assigned the task of delivering a critical message to another battalion, risk their lives for the job in order to prevent them from stepping right into a deadly ambush.
29|When Mary, a 17-year-old teenager, shrinks in size, she discovers a world inhabited by strange creatures. Soon, she finds herself reluctantly pulled into a battle between good and evil forces.
30|Nature's deadliest killer takes to the skies in the ultimate gill-ty pleasure as a group of friends try to save the Santa Monica coast from shark-infested tornadoes.
